MohammedRizwan

high

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be maliciously executed

## Summary
The swap functions in contracts does not allow users to submit a deadline for their actions.

## Vulnerability Detail
In ArrakisV2Router.sol, 

```Solidity

451    function _swapAndAddLiquidity(
452        SwapAndAddData memory params_,
453        IERC20 token0_,
454        IERC20 token1_
455   )

         // some code

477       (amount0Diff, amount1Diff) = swapper.swap(params_);
```

At L-477, It uses swap function with input as params_ which does not have deadline parameter. It can be checked in SwapData struct.

```Solidity

28 struct SwapData {
29    bytes swapPayload;
30    uint256 amountInSwap;
31    uint256 amountOutSwap;
32    address swapRouter;
33    bool zeroForOne;
34}

35 struct SwapAndAddData {
36    SwapData swapData;
37    AddLiquidityData addData;
38}
```

## Impact
AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see [Uniswap V2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/0335e8f7e1bd1e8d8329fd300aea2ef2f36dd19f/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol#L229) and [Uniswap V3](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/SwapRouter.sol#L119)). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades:

1. Alice wants to swap 100 tokens for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.
2. The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
3. When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice’s transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. She will still get 1 ETH but the DAI value of that output might be significantly lower. She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/ArrakisFinance/v2-periphery/blob/ee6d7c5f3ffb212887db4ec0e595618ea418070f/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L477

https://github.com/ArrakisFinance/v2-periphery/blob/ee6d7c5f3ffb212887db4ec0e595618ea418070f/contracts/structs/SArrakisV2Router.sol#L28-L39

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce a deadline parameter to all functions which potentially perform a swap on the user’s behalf.
