Auditwolf

high

# Resolver returns incorrect values for function swapandaddliquidity.

## Summary

In order for Internal function swapandaddliquidity  to determine amount0, amount1 and shares received it calls function getmintamounts of the resolver with amount 0 use , amount 1 use .  However function getmintamounts uses amount0max , amount1max to determine amount0, amount1 and shares received meaning this return values will be incorrect.


## Vulnerability Detail

First lets see how amount 0 use and amount 1 use is calculated.

        uint256 amount0Use = (params_.swapData.zeroForOne)
            ? params_.addData.amount0Max - amount0Diff
            : params_.addData.amount0Max + amount0Diff;
        uint256 amount1Use = (params_.swapData.zeroForOne)
            ? params_.addData.amount1Max + amount1Diff
            : params_.addData.amount1Max - amount1Diff;

Here we can see that depending on boolean swapdata.zeroforone  , we achieve amount0use by subtracting or adding amount0diff to amount0max . similarly we get amount1use by adding or subtracting amount1diff from amount1max. Note that amount0Diff and amount1Diff represent amounts received after a swap. function swapandaddliquidity goes on to call getmintamounts of the resolver with these amount0use and amount1use so as to calculate mintamounts.
Now lets see how the resolver computes the mintamounts.
            mintAmount = UnderlyingHelper.computeMintAmounts(
                current0,
                current1,
                totalSupply,
                amount0Max_,
                amount1Max_
 As we can see the function getmintamounts of the resolver determines the mintamount by calling underlyinghelper with the values of current0 , current1, totalsupply , amount0max and amount1max.  earlier we saw that amount1use and amount0use are completely different from amount0max and amount1max . therefore , the mintamounts returned by the resolver will be totally incorrect. Now function swapandaddliquidity checks these values using the require statement below.
        require(
            amount0 >= params_.addData.amount0Min &&
                amount1 >= params_.addData.amount1Min &&
                sharesReceived >= params_.addData.amountSharesMin,
            "below min amounts"
        );
Due to the incorrect values of amount0 , amount1 and sharesReceived this check will either always pass or always fails.

## Impact
If this check always pass , internal function addliquidity will execute with incorrect values meaning incorrect amounts will be minted to the receiver.
On the contrary ,if this check always fails , users will not be able to swapandaddliquidity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L451C1-L535C1

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2Resolver.sol#L145C2-L185C15

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a way to call the getmintamounts function of the resolver with amount0use and amount1use.
