0xGoodess

medium

# single-sided residual from rebalance in ArrakisV2 can be taken by back-running of addLiquidity

## Summary
single-sided residual from rebalance in ArrakisV2 can be taken by back-running of addLiquidity

## Vulnerability Detail
On UniswapV3, when supplying liquidity; the ratio of liquidity required for token0, and token1 respectively are calculated based on the lowerTick, higherTick as well as the liquidity within the currentTick.

In another words, the required token0 and token1 amount is not custom, but system determined. UniV3 would calculate the lower requirement based on the Input of amount0 and amount1.  

During the rebalance operation in ArrakisV2, the execution does a few things:
1. withdraw liquidity
2. make necessary swap
3. mint a new LP based on the specified lower, upper tick and liquidity.

However, there is no guarantee that the swapped token, would be COMPLETELY consumed in step3. Any residual token would be left in the contract. and could subsequently be swapped by the next user who call supplyLiquidity, but by sending a smaller amount of that token.

```solidity
            (uint256 amt0, uint256 amt1) = IUniswapV3Pool(pool).mint(
                address(this),
                rebalanceParams_.mints[i].range.lowerTick,
                rebalanceParams_.mints[i].range.upperTick,
                rebalanceParams_.mints[i].liquidity,
                ""
            );
            aggregator0 += amt0;
            aggregator1 += amt1;
        }
        require(aggregator0 >= rebalanceParams_.minDeposit0, "D0");
        require(aggregator1 >= rebalanceParams_.minDeposit1, "D1");
```
[Explanation on Calculating Liquidity](https://uniswapv3book.com/docs/milestone_1/providing-liquidity/)


## Impact
The slippage control is not done on the token outcome  from the swap. A minDeposit0/minDeposit1 that does not match the balance after swap would lead to opportunity to back-run, since the `pool.mint` can lead to residual tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L408-L409
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
try to execute the slippage control as a percentage of blanace1After, to make sure the rebalance consumes all/most the tokens as a result of the swap.
