0xpinky

high

# ArrakisV2Router.sol#L238C5-L238C31 :  `function addLiquidityPermit2` does not handle the `bool isToken0Weth` variable correctly

## Summary
ArrakisV2Router.sol has the [addLiquidityPermit2 ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L238C5-L238C31)function, which is used to add the liquidity with permission.

At the end of function call, any excess value is returned to the `msg.sender.` This has been done based on the type of token. i.e, whether the token is weth or not.

But the flag [isToken0Weth](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L278) which is used to decide the either token0 or token1 is weth or not is not updated correctly by calling the [_isToken0Weth](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L734).

## Vulnerability Detail

Lets look at the portion of codes from [addLiquidityPermit2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L238C14-L238C33) function.

        bool isToken0Weth; ----------------------------------------------@@@ audit find --- not updated
        _permit2Add(params_, amount0, amount1, token0, token1);


        _addLiquidity(
            params_.addData.vault,
            amount0,
            amount1,
            sharesReceived,
            params_.addData.gauge,
            params_.addData.receiver,
            token0,
            token1
        );


        if (msg.value > 0) {
            if (isToken0Weth && msg.value > amount0) {
                payable(msg.sender).sendValue(msg.value - amount0);
            } else if (!isToken0Weth && msg.value > amount1) { ---------------@@ audit find>>>> always tries to execute the else if part.
                payable(msg.sender).sendValue(msg.value - amount1);
            }
        }

## Impact

1. loss of assets. 
2. lesser amount is sent to user. This can happen when `msg.value > amount1` and `amount0 >amount1`. In this case, loss to user.
3. some time large value will be sent . This can happen when `msg.value > amount1` and `amount1>amount0 `

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L278-L298

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Call this function [_isToken0Weth](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L734) and update the variable `isToken0Weth` and then send excess amount.


