BenRai

high

# LP tokens of a vault can still be burned even if the vault is set to be mint restricted by a router and the router is paused

## Summary

In `ArrakisV2RouterStorage.sol`, the owner of the router can pause the router by calling `pause()`. This pauses among other things the function `removeLiquidity()`. But since the function `burn()` of `ArrakisV2.sol` is external and not restricted, the LP tokens of a voult that is mintrestrcted to the router can still be burned.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the dev team all official public vaults of the arrakis project will be `mintrestricted` so they can only be called by the router the project owns. This router (`ArrakisV2Router.sol`) has a pause function to protect the users funds in case there is some live bug detected in any of the Arrakis contract. Pausing the router also paused the function `removeLiquidity()` but removing liquidity is still possible by calling the `burn()` function of the vault directly. This means if the live bug is connected to the `burn()` function, there is no way to prevent bad actors to withdraw funds even though the router has a pause function exactly for this purpose.  

## Impact

Even if the route is the only one that can mint from a vault, if the router is paused to protect the vault agains a live bug, anyone can still withdraw liquidity from the vault rendering the pause functionality of the router useless.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L201-L205

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L162-L236 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To fully utilize the functionality of the `pause()` function of the router and to protect the vaults against liquidity drain in case of emergency one can add the check if the vault is `mintrestricted` to the `burn()` function. This way only the router will be able to call the burn function and burning would no be possible if the rounter is paused. 

If the functionality to always allow liquidity withdraws from `mintrestricted` vaults is intended, one could additionally add a second pause flag that specifically pauses/unpauses the `removeLiquidity()` function. This way it would be possible to pause withdraws and deposits separately  
