0xpinky

high

# Lack of pause and un-pause mechanism for `mint` and `burn` in `ArrakisV2.sol` which will bypass the paused state in `ArrakisV2Router.sol`

## Summary

Once the vault is deployed, user will interact with it through the `ArrakisV2Router` which has function to add and remove liquidity with or without the permit method.

Inside the `ArrakisV2Router.sol` all the external function has the `whenNotPaused` which is used to pause any of the interactions with ArrakisV2 vault.

These function will call to `mint` or `burn` functions from `ArrakisV2.sol` which has public modifier so that anyone call.

For [mint](mint), it has some sort of restriction but it can be removed at any time by owner.

But the [burn](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L162) does not have any restriction. Burn can happen when total supply is greater than zero.


## Vulnerability Detail

Lets look at one of the function in [ArrakisV2Router.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol) - [addLiquidity](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L50-L60)

    function addLiquidity(AddLiquidityData memory params_)
        external
        payable
        whenNotPaused
        nonReentrant
        returns (
            uint256 amount0,
            uint256 amount1,
            uint256 sharesReceived
        )
    {

This has the `whenNotPaused` modifier which will be used either to pause or unpause.

`addLiquidity` calls the `_addLiquidity`. Inside the `_addLiquidity` will call the [mint ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L54C14-L62) function from ArrakisV2.sol contract

but the mint function does not have any pause or unpause modifier but it is external which means any one can call.

Only restriction this function has `restrictedMint`  == 0 or `msg.sender == restrictedMint`

        require(mintAmount_ > 0, "MA");
        require(
            restrictedMint == address(0) || msg.sender == restrictedMint, -------------->>> this restriction which can be removed any time
            "R"
        );
when the `restrictedMint` is set at any time by the owner, then this check can be bypassed by anyone and call the mint function directly.

The same can happen during burn also. lets look at the [burn ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L162)function , again it is external and anyone can call (provided the total supply is > 0)

    function burn(uint256 burnAmount_, address receiver_)
        external
        nonReentrant
        returns (uint256 amount0, uint256 amount1)
    {
        require(burnAmount_ > 0, "BA");


        uint256 ts = totalSupply();
        require(ts > 0, "TS");


        _burn(msg.sender, burnAmount_);


when the add liquidity and remove liquidity is paused in the `ArrakisV2Router.sol`, user still can interact with vault and do the transaction which is not safe.

## Impact

The pause mechanism is used to handle any emergency situation. some of them are,

1. during the high price fluctuations, vault can be paused to avoid the any deflation.
2. during contract upgrade.
3. in the event of any attack which would cause to stealing of funds.

These emergency block can by bypassed  by calling the functions inside the vault contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L162-L172

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L54C14-L66

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add pause and un-pause mechanism for Arrakis vault.
