Bauchibred

medium

# Inconsistent Handling of Chainlink Reverts

## Summary

The use of Chainlink's `latestRoundData()` function is widespread in the `ChainlinkOracle` contract, where it serves to fetch data from Chainlink's oracle. As noted in [OpenZeppelin's secure smart contract guidelines](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles). Now it's pretty widespread that queries to Chainlink may be reverted for a variety of reasons, including the decision by multisigs to block the query. Indeed, most usages of `latestRoundData()` in the contract are wrapped in a try/catch block, indicating an awareness of this potential issue. Unfortunately, this is not the case for all instances; specifically, the `ChainlinkAdapterOracle::_checkSequencer()` function lacks such a safeguard. This is a concern because if the multisigs decide to block the query, a permanent inability to query about the sequencer could lead to a Denial of Service (DoS), rendering critical functionality of the contract unavailable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Although most instances of `latestRoundData()` in the contract implement a try/catch block to anticipate possible reverts—whether from the oracle going down or from the multisigs blocking the query—this is not the case for `ChainlinkAdapterOracle::_checkSequencer()`. This is a significant oversight, as Chainlink's multisigs could potentially block access to their feeds at any time. This function, in particular, is externally called by `getPrice0()/getPrice1()` for optimistic L2 chains, indicating the importance of implementing safeguards in this context. Here's the code in question: [ChainLinkOracle.sol#L148-L161](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-manager-templates/contracts/oracles/ChainLinkOracle.sol#L148-L161).

There are multiple instances where the try/catch block is rightly implemented on calls to `latestRoundData()`, which further underscores the anomaly in the `_checkSequencer()` function. If access to the oracle is blocked or the oracle goes down, the queries revert with the error `revert("ChainLinkOracle: price feed B call failed.");`. This protective measure is not present when calling the sequencer, suggesting an oversight by the developers.

[ChainLinkOracle.sol#L148-L161](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-manager-templates/contracts/oracles/ChainLinkOracle.sol#L148-L161)

```solidity
    /// @dev only needed for optimistic L2 chain
    function _checkSequencer() internal view {
        (, int256 answer, uint256 startedAt, , ) = sequencerUptimeFeed
            .latestRoundData();

        require(answer == 0, "ChainLinkOracle: sequencer down");

        // Make sure the grace period has passed after the
        // sequencer is back up.
        require(
            block.timestamp - startedAt > GRACE_PERIOD_TIME, // solhint-disable-line not-rely-on-time, max-line-length
            "ChainLinkOracle: grace period not over"
        );
    }
}
```

Here are other instances where the try/catch is rightly implemented on the calls to latestRoundData():
[ChainLinkOracle.sol#L68-L146](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-manager-templates/contracts/oracles/ChainLinkOracle.sol#L68-L146)

```solidity
    function getPrice0() external view override returns (uint256 price0) {


        try priceFeed.latestRoundData() returns (
******
        ) {
            require(
                block.timestamp - updatedAt <= outdated, // solhint-disable-line not-rely-on-time
                "ChainLinkOracle: outdated."
            );

******

        } catch {
            revert("ChainLinkOracle: price feed call failed.");
        }
    }

//NB:multiple code blocks ommited for brevity of report
    function getPrice1() external view override returns (uint256 price1) {

        try priceFeed.latestRoundData() returns (
******
        ) {
            require(
                block.timestamp - updatedAt <= outdated, // solhint-disable-line not-rely-on-time
                "ChainLinkOracle: outdated."
            );


******
        } catch {
            revert("ChainLinkOracle: price feed call failed.");
        }
    }
```

## Impact

The absence of a try/catch block in the `ChainlinkAdapterOracle::_checkSequencer()` function can lead to a worst-case scenario where a Denial of Service (DoS) to the protocol occurs if Chainlink's multisigs decide to deny access to the sequencer feed. Given that the smart contract does not have a fallback mechanism in this instance.

## Code Snippet
[ChainLinkOracle.sol#L68-L146](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/9594cf930307ebbfe5cae4f8ad9e9b40b26c9fec/v2-manager-templates/contracts/oracles/ChainLinkOracle.sol#L68-L146)
## Tool used

Manual Audit

## Recommendation

The development team should consider implementing a try/catch block around the `latestRoundData()` call in the `ChainlinkAdapterOracle::_checkSequencer()` function. This approach is consistent with how the code handles potential reverts in other instances where the `latestRoundData()` function is used. This change would provide a fail-safe if access to the Chainlink data feed is denied, increasing the robustness of the contract and ensuring its continuous operation even in the face of potential oracle or multisig, also very important the team also implements a fallback logic, could be as simple as the cases in the `getPrice0()/getPrice1()` functions.

NB: A sister issue to this has been submiteed in one of the previous audits, source [here](https://gist.github.com/kassandraoftroy/25f7208adb770abee9f46978326cfb3f#2-improper-chainlink-oracle-handling), which was announced to be fixed, but this report proves otherwise since it wasn't protected against in all instances
