rvierdiiev

medium

# ArrakisV2.mint should round up liquidity amount that user must supply

## Summary
ArrakisV2.mint should round up liquidity amount that user must supply.
## Vulnerability Detail
When user mints using `ArrakisV2.mint` then he provides amount of shares inside `ArrakisV2` that he wants to mint. Amount that he should pay is calculated [using `UnderlyingHelper.totalUnderlyingForMin` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L68-L78).

This function loops through all ranges, where liquidity is provided by the contract in order to understand how much liquidity user should provide to each range to get his requested share.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L237-L250
```solidity
       (amount0Current, amount1Current) = getAmountsForDelta(
            positionUnderlying_.sqrtPriceX96,
            TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(positionUnderlying_.lowerTick),
            TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(positionUnderlying_.upperTick),
            SafeCast.toInt128(
                SafeCast.toInt256(
                    FullMath.mulDiv(
                        uint256(liquidity),
                        mintAmount_,
                        totalSupply_
                    )
                )
            )
        );
```
As you can see amount of liquidity that user should provide is calculated as `liquidity * mintAmount_ / totalSupply_`. According to this value, amount that user needs to provide for that liquidity will be calculated inside `getAmountsForDelta` function.
The problem here is that amount of liqiudity that should be provided by user is rounded down here, which means that he will provide less liquidity then all other users. Also pls, note, that this 1 wei that we lost here by rounding doesn't mean that amount that user should pay for that 1 wei of liquidity equals to 1 wei of token0/token1, it can be bigger.

Then later in `ArrakisV2.mint` [this not rounded amount is minted for user](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L145-L149).
As result user provided little bit less amount to the pool.
## Impact
Vault operations should favour other participants of vault [as it's done here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L72-L89).
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Round up amount of liquidity that user needs to provide to range, charge amount for that liquidity and mint exactly that liquidity.