MohammedRizwan

high

# In RouterSwapExecutor.sol.sol, swap() can silently fail if swapRouter is non-existent(2 instance)

## Summary
In RouterSwapExecutor.sol.sol, swap() can silently fail if swapRouter is non-existent

## Vulnerability Detail
## Impact

Considering Instance 1:

In RouterSwapExecutor.sol, swap() has used low level .call function,

```Solidity
File: contracts/RouterSwapExecutor.sol

36    function swap(SwapAndAddData memory swapAndAddData_)
37        external
38        onlyRouter
39        returns (uint256 amount0Diff, uint256 amount1Diff)
40    {

           // some code

56       }
57        (bool success, ) = swapAndAddData_.swapData.swapRouter.call(
58            swapAndAddData_.swapData.swapPayload
59        );
60        require(success, "swap: low-level call failed");

           // some code
```
The main issues is at L-57, It does not check the existence of swapRouter address and swapRouter address is a contract address or not. It does not have a validation check for address(0) for swapRouter address and such design pattern does not as per recommended solidity guidlines.

[According to the Solidity documentation:](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/control-structures.html#error-handling-assert-require-revert-and-exceptions)

"The low-level functions call, delegatecall and staticcall return true as their first return value if the account called is non-existent, as part of the design of the EVM. Account existence must be checked prior to calling if needed".

As a result, it is possible that this call() low level function will fail, but swap() will not notice anything went wrong. In particular, it is possible that the address swapRouter is a deleted contract (or say a security bug/flaw was found OR selfdestruct was called so that users know to use an updated smart contract), but the above functions will not revert.

If the target address(address swapRouter) is indeed a non-existent contract, it would be better for above functions to revert. A contract existence check is very much required to prevent the issues.

## Code Snippet
Instance 1(in RouterSwapExecutor.sol):
https://github.com/ArrakisFinance/v2-periphery/blob/ee6d7c5f3ffb212887db4ec0e595618ea418070f/contracts/RouterSwapExecutor.sol#L57

Instance 2(in ArrakisV2.sol):
https://github.com/ArrakisFinance/v2-core/blob/9133fc412b65c7a902f62f1ad135f062e927b092/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L334-L337

For reference, see a closely similar high severity reported in a Uniswap audit here (https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-core/blob/main/audits/tob/audit.pdf

For reference, see a closely similar medium severity reported in Trader-Joe audit here:
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-01-trader-joe-findings/issues/170

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Check for contract existence on low-level calls, so that failures are not missed.
2. check swapRouter address is not address(0).