Auditwolf

medium

# Potential loss of ETH if the contract doesn't have enough ETH to refund user.

## Summary
When attempting to refund a user's excess eth there is no explicit check to ensure that the contract has enough funds to perform a refund. If the contract doesn't have enough funds the refund operation will fail with the users excess eth remaining in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
Here is a scenario to illustrate this possibility.
1. The caller invokes the _swapAndAddLiquidity function and includes an ETH value (msg.value > 0).
2. Inside the function, it is determined that an unwrapping and refunding of excess ETH is required.
3. The contract attempts to refund the excess ETH to the caller by using the _unwrapRefundETH function.
4. If the contract's ETH balance is less than the amount intended for the refund (e.g., due to previous transactions depleting the balance), the refund operation will fail.

## Impact
In the case that the contract does not have sufficient balance to perform a refund, the excess ETH sent by the user  will remain in the contract, leading to a loss for the user.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L519C7-L527C1

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-periphery/contracts/ArrakisV2Router.sol#L700C5-L704C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent this scenario from happening , you could add an additional check to ensure that the the contract has sufficient funds before attempting a refund operation.
