p12473

high

# Malicious operator can steal all funds via frontrunning

## Summary

A malicious operator can steal all funds by bundling his frontrunning transaction together with the rebalance transaction.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the README, `a malicious operator on the SimpleManager.sol should not be able to do anything worse than "grief" - they MAY not execute rebalances or MAY not execute the expected strategy. However the rebalances that are executed MUST NOT be exploitable by frontrun or sandwich.` This “invariant” can easily be broken if a malicious operator utilizes flashbots to bundle his frontrunning transaction together with the rebalance transaction.

To make this vulnerability worse, a malicious operator is able to close all positions from the uniswap pool and proceed to swap back and forth between the 2 token assets e.g. sell token A for token B then sell token B for token A thus keeping the price bounded. Each time, he would frontrun and buy enough tokens such that when the rebalance swap occurs, it will also respect the maxSlippage configured in the vault. He will position his sell transaction after the rebalance transaction to extract the value from frontrunning.

It is also possible for the malicious operator to also extract even more value (via the trading fees) by doing a JIT liquidity attack via a flashloan.

## Impact

A malicious operator is able to steal all funds in the vault.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/ArrakisFinance/v2-core/blob/9133fc412b65c7a902f62f1ad135f062e927b092/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L244-L413

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider limiting how much rebalancing an operator can do within a moving range of X blocks esp. when it comes to swapping since that is where the value can be extracted. You can also add guard rails to ensure that if the total “value” of the vault drops by too much, the vault will automatically be paused until the manager resumes it.