Jeiwan

medium

# Inconsistent rounding affects shares-to-tokens exchange rate at users' benefit

## Summary
When minting shares in a pool with positive total supply, the amount of tokens to deposit is rounded down, instead of being rounded up. Users may get slightly more shares for a certain amounts of token. During burning, they may burn less shares to get the entire deposited tokens back. This also incurs some loss on the initial depositor because the amounts they are asked to deposit are rounded up.
## Vulnerability Detail
When minting shares in a pool with positive total supply, [UnderlyingHelper.totalUnderlyingForMint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L68) is called to compute the amounts of tokens to deposit, proportionally to the amount of shares to mint. Under the hood, the function calls [Underlying.getUnderlyingBalancesMint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L189), which:
1. [obtains the current liquidity of a Uniswap pool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L210);
1. [compute the amount of liquidity required to be deposited to mint the shares](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L241-L249);
1. and, [compute actual token amounts to deposit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L237).

However, when computing liquidity on step 2, it rounds down the result of the division of `mintAmount_` by `totalSupply_`, which will reduce the resulting amount of liquidity. This will allow the depositor to burn less shares to get the same amount of tokens because, due to the rounding, a smaller amount of shares can be burned to get the same amount of liquidity. For example, consider the following situation:
1. a Uniswap pool has `1000e18` liquidity;
1. the total supply of an Arrakis pool is `300000e18`.

A user can mint `38000000000000000099` shares and deposit `1000e18 * 38000000000000000099 / 300000e18 = 126666666666666666` liquidity. The same amount of liquidity can be burned with only `37999999999999999800` shares: `1000e18 * 37999999999999999800 / 300000e18 = 126666666666666666`. Thus, the user obtains `299` free shares.

On the other hand, when providing initial liquidity in an Arrakis pool, token amounts are [correctly rounded up](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L84-L93):
```solidity
amount0 = FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(
    mintAmount_,
    init0M,
    denominator
);
amount1 = FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(
    mintAmount_,
    init1M,
    denominator
);
```

Which means that the providers of initial liquidity get less shares than future providers.
## Impact
The conversion rate of shares to liquidity and tokens is slightly lowered during minting. Depositors may mint more shares than initial depositors for the same amount of liquidity/tokens. During burning, they can burn less shares to get the same amount of liquidity/tokens back.
## Code Snippet
1. Token amounts are [correctly rounded up](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L84-L93) when providing initial liquidity:
```solidity
amount0 = FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(
    mintAmount_,
    init0M,
    denominator
);
amount1 = FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(
    mintAmount_,
    init1M,
    denominator
);
```
1. When providing liquidity to a pool with positive total supply, [token amounts are rounded down](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L241-L249):
```solidity
SafeCast.toInt128(
    SafeCast.toInt256(
        FullMath.mulDiv(
            uint256(liquidity),
            mintAmount,
            totalSupply_
        )
    )
)
```
1. When redeeming shares, liquidity (and thus token amounts) are [rounded down](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L189):
```solidity
liquidity = SafeCast.toUint128(
    FullMath.mulDiv(liquidity, burnAmount_, ts)
);
```
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
When converting shares to token amounts during minting, consider always rounding up:
1. in the [Underlying.getUnderlyingBalancesMint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/libraries/Underlying.sol#L242-L248) function;
1. when [depositing new liquidity to the underlying pool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L145-L147).