0x52

medium

# SimpleManager#rebalance fails to check if burned pools are unbalanced

## Summary

SimpleManager checks that all pools being minted to are balanced within a certain threshold. This prevents the contract from minting to unbalanced pools to protect it from sandwich attacks. The problem is that it doesn't check for pools that are burned from but not minted too. Burning unbalanced pools are just as damaging as minting to them which can lead to losses due to sandwich attacks. 

## Vulnerability Detail

[SimpleManager.sol#L157-L198](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-manager-templates/contracts/SimpleManager.sol#L157-L198)

        if (mintsLength > 0) {
            checked = new uint24[](mintsLength);
            oraclePrice = vaultInfo.oracle.getPrice0();
        }

        for (uint256 i; i < mintsLength; ++i) {

            ...

            _checkDeviation(
                poolPrice,
                oraclePrice,
                vaultInfo.maxDeviation,
                token1Decimals
            );

            checked[increment] = rebalanceParams_.mints[i].range.feeTier;
            increment++;
        }

In the code above the pool price of each minting pool is validated against the expected price from the oracle. This disallows minting to unbalanced pool. This check doesn't, however, account for pools that are being burned from. This allows those burns to be sandwich attacked.

## Impact

Pools that are burned from but not minted to can be sandwich attacked

## Code Snippet

[SimpleManager.sol#L128-L214](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-manager-templates/contracts/SimpleManager.sol#L128-L214)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

SimpleManager#rebalance should check pools burned from as well.