carrotsmuggler

high

# SimpleManager contract prone to reverts due to overflow

## Summary

The `SimpleManager.sol` has a calculation in the `rebalance` that is prone to reverts. This can break the rebalancing functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract `SimpleManager.sol` is responsible for managing the strategy of arrakis pools and rebalancing them when required. During this `rebalance` procedure, the contract does some calculations as shown in the snippet below.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-manager-templates/contracts/SimpleManager.sol#L181-L187

Here the contract checks the slot0 value of the uniswap contract to check the current price. Since Uniswap actually stores the square root of the price, this value is then squared as shown. This multiplication however is prone to reverts.

The value returned by Uniswap slot0 is of the type `uint160`. Thus the square of a uint160 is a uint320, which cannot fit in the standard uint 256 bit slot, and thus overflows and reverts. If the price reported by slot0 is greater than `type(uint128).max`, the square of the price will overflow and revert. For this reason, the actual uniswap library implements this in a different way, as shown in the segment below.

https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/libraries/OracleLibrary.sol#L58-L68

Here, if the value is lower than `type(uint128).max`, the number is squared, but otherwise it is first divided by 2^96 before proceeding. This ensures reverts due to overflows are prevented.

## Impact

Complete shutdown of the rebalance mechanism of the manager contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-manager-templates/contracts/SimpleManager.sol#L181-L187

A proof of concept cn be easily developed with the tool `chisel`. `uint128` has a max value of `2^128 - 1`. This corresponds to a tick value of `443636`. Thus any pool with a tick higher than this would return a sqrtPrice too large to square, and would thus break the contract. Uniswap however actually supports tick values far higher than this, and thus this is a very real possibility.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the uniswap oracle library methodology to square the value. This will prevent reverts due to overflows.
