ast3ros

medium

# _applyFees is not updated before setting manager fee bps

## Summary

The manager fees are updated when Arrakis shares are burnt or the operator executes rebalancing the Arrakis vault. If a new manager fee bps is set, the fee will be incorrectly calculated.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `managerBalance0` and `managerBalance1` are only updated when Arrakis shares are burnt or operator execute rebalancing the Arrakis vault.

            _applyFees(total.fee0, total.fee1);

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L208

            if (aggregator.fee0 > 0 || aggregator.fee1 > 0) {
                _applyFees(aggregator.fee0, aggregator.fee1);

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L308-L309

The _applyFees function will get the latest `mManagerFeeBPS` and apply this rate to calculate the fees.

        function _applyFees(uint256 fee0_, uint256 fee1_) internal {
            uint16 mManagerFeeBPS = managerFeeBPS;
            managerBalance0 += (fee0_ * mManagerFeeBPS) / hundredPercent;
            managerBalance1 += (fee1_ * mManagerFeeBPS) / hundredPercent;
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/ArrakisV2.sol#L445-L449

The managerFeeBPS can also be changed by the manager using the `setManagerFeeBPS` function.

        function setManagerFeeBPS(uint16 managerFeeBPS_) external onlyManager {
            require(managerFeeBPS_ <= 10000, "MFO");
            managerFeeBPS = managerFeeBPS_;
            emit LogSetManagerFeeBPS(managerFeeBPS_);
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/abstract/ArrakisV2Storage.sol#L218-L222

The problem is there is no `_applyFees` before a change in `managerFeeBPS`, therefore, the new `managerFeeBPS` will be applied to all the `fee0_` and `fee1_` from the last burn/rebalance functions are called until the time `managerFeeBPS` is updated, which is not correct since those fees should be applied with the previous `managerFeeBPS`.

For example we have:

t0-->t1-->t2

t0: last time `burn/rebalance` functions are called.
t1: new `managerFeeBPS` updated.
t2: next time `burn/rebalance` functions are called.

The fees from t0 to t2 will be applied the new managerFeeBPS.

## Impact

The fee is wrongly calculated.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-arrakis/blob/main/v2-core/contracts/abstract/ArrakisV2Storage.sol#L218-L222

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Apply fee before update `managerFeeBPS`

```diff
        function setManagerFeeBPS(uint16 managerFeeBPS_) external onlyManager {
+           // Poke the Uniswap pool and call collect to get the fee0 and fee1 from t0 to t1
+           ....
+           //
+          _applyFees(fee0, fee1);
            require(managerFeeBPS_ <= 10000, "MFO");
            managerFeeBPS = managerFeeBPS_;
            emit LogSetManagerFeeBPS(managerFeeBPS_);
        }
```